hey everybody and welcome to this
episode of learning from the pros
joining me today is a good friend of
mine who is the founder of Revenue his
name is Joseph Hill welcome Joseph
thanks for having me
siio Joe let's get started uh just quick
background on yourself and what you do
uh for other people
listening yeah so uh I'm a btb marketer
I'm based out in the UK uh I focus
basically only on B2B and stas Brands um
I've been in marketing for about over a
decade now I'm getting old um over a
decade and the last five or six years
just been all focusing on B2B and SAS so
I took that traditional traditional
learning from B to C and all the
different stuff and I've got a degree in
marketing and I've slowly just followed
the money and ended up doing my
companies so that's what I do now that's
awesome so Joe you're going to be
sharing your 10 tips today on making B2B
ads that convert if you guys don't
follow Joan LinkedIn he he did some
pretty awesome posts uh sexy ads he
calls it or he highlights different sexy
ads and he's like showcasing uh
different ads that he's came across that
uh he thinks is worth sharing so
definitely worth checking that out and
yeah I'm kind of excited to expand on um
on all the the learnings you've gotten
you know what I mean just like spying on
ads and and putting together this
library and then also working with
clients on this as well so why don't you
kick us off Joe with your first tip
sounds good so uh probably created and
I'm not even underestimating this or
overestimating I've probably created
over 10,000 individual ads um yeah so
I've made a lot of ads and what I found
is if I don't know what I'm trying to
say it's incredibly hard to say it now
that sounds obvious but you'd be
surprised how many people they start
writing an advert and they start writing
an advert by just looking at the screen
and like all right what do I need to
write and then they're like hm what do I
need to say and ultimately you need to
know what your figuring out what you say
and what you're trying to say is a
completely separate task to creating an
advert you need to do that first lay
your foundation and then make your ads
and I follow a particular framework if
you want me I can just share my screen
right syia yeah yeah go for it that's
awesome um so I have a very
particular wait there we go so I have a
particular flow that I follow and it's
all centered around problems and so
basically this guy was a genius it's
called gene swarts or Eugene Swartz um
he created this book called breakthrough
advertising and it basically states that
products solve problems and you can't
create demand you can only Channel an
existing desire from somebody who wants
to solve a problem towards your product
and you can raise the problem and tell
them about the problem but you can't
just create it out as th air um it's the
greatest book of all time in my opinion
uh Sylvia you might have one that
probably beat that would you say
anything beats breakthrough advertising
it's up there it's up there for sure
yeah for marketing
um yeah I know I nothing comes to mind
it's I really like um scientific
advertising by clude Hopkins as well
because it gives it gives a lot of
perspective I would say that's probably
like a good Challenger and then
um uh positioning is also one of my
favorite marketing books too that's up
there but it's it's definitely like a
especially around the stages of
awareness it's it's critical
yeah well I'm going to have a look at
those books actually after this I'm
learning something too um but yeah it's
now sold for like $300 300 pound like
worldwide it's just a book it's kind of
crazy and if you want a free pdf version
I do it wasn't it it was published like
in the 1900s too right yeah and it's
just like human psychology doesn't
change like people need stoicism now
more than ever if we're completely
honest with ourselves and it's like that
by some Greeks like long long long time
ago but essentially what it gave us is
this problem awareness funnel and this
is how I based all the messages off here
you're either aware of a problem sorry
you're unaware then you turn into being
aware of a problem then you investigate
that problem and then you're ready to
solve that problem four simple stages I
don't like the tofu bofu mofu because
it's just too vague it's not specific
this is specifically about um it's kind
of similar to another model as well
which is like the unconscious competence
model where it's like you're
unconsciously incompetent to being
consciously incompetent consciously
competent and then suddenly you're a
genius and you're unconsciously
competent like Sylvio um I wouldn't say
that but anyway it all starts with this
problem funnel but how do you actually
start with your messaging well if you
create you need to create a story around
your problem first and so this is where
I fill out this document for all my
clients um so I've got like a whole
document that I follow so it starts with
giving the story and name or whatever
but I have problems solution benefit
social proof consequence and that gives
you pretty much the full wraparound of
the story of the the problem that you
have how you solve it the benefit of
solving it the consequences if you don't
solve it and then who you've solved it
for which is social proof so regardless
of where people are in this stage you
can start filling in these holes of okay
well if someone's unaware then you
probably need to T start talking about
the symptoms of having the problem or a
report on the impact of having this
problem or content on relate related to
solving that problem uh for tasks and
jobs to be done then versus when the
ready is solve it's kind of just like
all right what kind of a demo do you
want so you really number one need to
know what it is you're trying to say and
when you know the problem that you're
trying to hit on it's incredibly easy to
create an advert off the back of it for
example I don't know off the top of my
head uh B2B problem is you're not
driving enough pipeline Therefore your
revenue figur is not there so you they
advert could read have you are you not
driving enough pipeline just ask them
the question do you have this problem
sometimes it's as simple as
that yeah so much to impact there
um so you're you're you're uncovering
the problem and then based on the
problem and then the stage of
awareness you're then finding those
little micro stories that you can say
within I'd say that kind of yeah I'd say
that the the the the purpose around why
I'm so focused on problem stems from
this it's around the idea that you go
through these stages of solving the
problem and if you think about B2B
specifically or SAS usually you have to
justify spend with a use case or a
business case what is a business case
usually set up with it's here's a
problem here's how we're going to solve
it here's how much it's going to cost
and as soon as you associate yourself to
a commercial problem like you are ready
to justify a purchase from a business
it's pretty much as simple as that but
yes it's one thing is knowing that
people go through different stages which
is a whole separate thing the first step
before you you can graduate to different
things at different stages and all that
stuff is just number one figure out your
problem like most businesses and most
copy writers when they go to write an
advert they don't even know the number
one problem that they're trying to solve
for the world and it's like we need to
know that and all of your messaging
should come back to that if you've got
an advert talking about content should
be about that problem if youve got an
advert with a social proof and case
study it should be about how that
customer solved that problem if you've
got a GIF of your product it should be
animating the stages to solve that
problem inside of your software so it's
it's everything start of a problem I
wouldn't get too bued down with the
stages of awareness for this point I
love that yeah you know it sounds so
simple but it's the simple things that
are easy to do and easy not to do and
Overlook that often make the biggest
difference so getting crystal clear on
that problem so then you can figure
out what exactly you going to sit here
and how you connect to it because
everyone jumps into talking about
benefits and how they solve and stuff
and how what their product can do and
it's like yeah but the only reason why
you have a solution is because a problem
existed before it and the only reason
why you would get a benefit is by
solving the problem so it's
everything stems to the
problem yeah I love that awesome so I
feel like we could just have a master
class on on this tip number one
um moving on to tip number two tip
number two is don't use big words or
acronyms so inside of my LinkedIn
Library there are
over I don't know 300 ads 394 including
the last title slide um what do all
these ads have in common well let me go
back to the top and you can just
see keeping it short and sweet it's just
incredibly simple uh and it's not using
any big words acronym well I guess that
one actually does use an acronym but
everyone knows what a PDF is but it's
just saying it's super super simple um
really good content that your leads
won't read there's no need to talk about
Roi or CAC or what's the what's the cuz
I heard a new one the other day it was
like Apu have you heard of Apu before uh
average revenue per user yeah I've never
heard of a I was like who's it's like a
is just I've never even heard of that
obviously I know like lifetime value of
a customer you could have like a a game
with your friends you know like a card
game like like define the acronym
there's so many 100% I've been in
marketing for 10 years and I've never
heard aru until last week so don't go
with acrm just keep it super super
simple just say specifically what is the
problem you can see here really good
content that your leads won't read
that's the problem with the PDF
um and then for another
brand um have you tried calling them
like simple that's the whole point of
Casper is they give you the phone number
have you tried calling them rather than
sending them a message via pigeon AKA
and email like you just have to be super
super simple um don't use big words like
if you understand a topic which you
should be showing to your users um you
should be able to explain a very complex
process incredibly easy so one example
of that uh let me just flash up this
advert that we made for zip so
automating invoice
processing sounds like a complex
situation but it's actually as easy as
upload your invoice the AI extracts
invoice details no more manual data
entry you don't have like this is
literally automating
counting it's like that sounds like a
complex thing to do but it's just as
easy as these three things and that's
ultimately what it all boils down to you
don't need to dive into Super complex
ways of explaining complex problems
because you lose half the audience on
the way yeah I think to expand on that
one of the one of the biggest traps
people make is they try to sell their
product in the
ad and really the goal of the ad is to
get the click so by speaking to the
problem like you're saying you're going
to Peak that Curiosity and then people
are going to click through and you know
check out your landing page and and
learn more about what it is you have to
sell here right and I think people
listening to this might hear this and
they're like well I have to go into the
the nitty-gritty and the weeds and
everything because if I don't then
they're not going to get it you know um
or they're gonna have a ton of questions
and we can really go down this Rabbit
Hole here too as well where it's like
well if now you're using a lead form
versus a landing page well then that
means you're going to have to sell more
through the ad which means you're
probably going to have to use a better
depiction of visuals or you probably
should use video because you have a lot
more to say uh you know we can kind of
get but like I think kind of framing of
what's the experience post click and
then making sure that you Tee It Up with
the ad is is super important definitely
yeah and like it's hard to keep it
simple and short and keep it short and
sweet in the grand scheme of things but
it's if if you TR to do everything with
one advert you're going to create an
incredibly boring advert that nobody
reads like your your advertising is
ideally 20 30 40 different Impressions
that you make on a person which all have
have maximum digestion what does that
mean well you need it to be read by the
user and what people are not going to do
is read a paragraph so you can
potentially have 30 sentences over a
three-month period and that causes
someone to buy that's more realistic
than one advert
that create someone to buy and that's
why you need a ton of different types of
adverts you need ones that are like you
say just out there to get a click and
introduce them and those kind of adverts
usually look a lot stupider in my way
like I try and be stupid with my adverts
to the point where they're just
undeniably in your face like do you know
how to get sock too I have no idea me
neither we need an expert sock and you
need an expert for it that's all I'm
trying to stay with this if I can get a
click I can start talking about how we
do sock to this is It's the I'm posting
these adverts next week that I made and
the quote that I put in there is your
first impression should be like an
icebreaker like when you're trying to go
dating like your first impression is
like you got have a pickup line it's got
to be interesting you got like really
nail it with your first impression you
can't be boring hi my name is I'm 30 and
I'm from the UK like everyone's going to
run away from
me right yeah so yeah right on tip
number three tip number three so tip
number two was don't use big words or
use acronyms and three was make it quick
so they're kind of both the same thing
but the make it quick is where I come to
like the three steps um and to your
point Sylvia it's like letting people
know
um what it is that journey is going to
be in three very simple steps and so
that could be number one you book a call
number two and you're going to see an
expert and number three they're going to
walk through the product obviously
that's not the most exciting thing but
it's clear what it is you're saying to
do if somebody wants to do that they can
do that number you could actually if
some people actually have some really
incredible demo experiences like uh
there was once a company um and they
were like 're called gray Orient gray
orange and they were a manufacturing
company was doing a few ads for them um
metadata and
and their conversion was number one like
schedu as to come to your warehouse
number two we'll bring all of our robots
and number three you'll see our robots
doing the job of the humans in the
warehouse that are there right now and
you can then go oh well I can see that
robot doing that job and I can also see
my human over there doing that job how
much does the human cost maybe three
times as much of the
machine uh I'll probably go ahead and
get the go ahead and use the the robots
right but that's like how much would you
probably pay a company to come and set
up a robot in order to see it do all of
its demonstrating the fact you're
getting that for free is actually like a
full day's work like someone's that's
actually a really
valuable process but that's a lot to
explain like we're going to come to your
s to your Warehouse we're going to set
up all the robots they can do all these
different things and we're going to like
train them up it's like no number one
book us to come to your location number
two we'll bring the robots number three
you'll see them in action in your Ware
that is just make it quick and if you
find yourself talking about the
experience or the demo or talking about
the free trial experience are you're
talking about like cognizant one of the
best hooks 25 free leads forget the gift
card right that is a powerful powerful
powerful campaign it's like number
number one sign up number two put in
your target information number three you
get 25 free leades it's easy as that and
it's like ideally you can make it sh so
so short that number one is you book a
call number two the call happens number
three you live your life 10 times easier
because that calls happened like ideally
the third Point could be like and you
live happily ever after but keep it
short and yeah I have two two thoughts
here one is the the way my brain is
correct me if I'm wrong too but like the
way my brain is framing the the tip on
make it quick is really what you're
after is you're trying to reduce that
perceived effort
yeah 100% you know as much as possible
so it's like by showing them hey it's
not 20 steps it's really you know there
might be 20 steps broken out but it's
really three big ones you know that that
matter and I'm also thinking on the
other hand too for companies that are
listening to this were like
well I wish it was that easy um and I
can argue to that like that there's you
probably could make it that easy but on
the flip side like using the example of
cognism with 25 free leads it's like
well maybe it's not your main thing but
you can create something that's simple
enough that will lead into the main
thing which is like the 25 free leads
right they get the 25 free leads they
get a taste of their contact data
they're like I don't want just 25 I want
a 100 I want a th I want a million
whatever you know and then the next
logical step is that actual demo for for
the sales conversation 100% And I think
if you're asking someone to do something
and you can't explain it in three steps
like it's not going to sound that
attractive like realistic Bally like you
probably don't it's probably too
complicated what you're asking them to
do these are new customers that are not
paying you yet that you're trying to get
their money like yeah do the extra work
on your side to create a simplified
process that demonstrates your value to
these people that's that's for you to do
it's not for the customer to try and
understand the amount of value that you
offer it's for you to show that to the
customer so if you need to simplify your
process think about it for 20 different
times like and it's not something that
you get right the first time like if you
look at um so you've got obviously the
cognism get your 25 free leads example
here but if you sign up to Google Google
have a offer which is you get £400 in ad
credit when you spend £400 they probably
realize that they were giving away 400
pound and they were getting nothing back
and no one was actually putting the cad
details in so maybe we need to force
them to give something and then we can
give them more for free so like it's
like you need to but when you figure out
this Hook when you figure out your PR
step process for generating new revenue
for new customers to interact with you
if you nail it you could probably use
that same hook for the like for 20 years
it's just value for humans you know it's
like it's should that you should spend
so much time and this goes to the three
a of testing uh from
Sylvio but the number one thing that you
need to be really testing is like what
you're actually offering them like the
main offer the I can't remember the 3A
syia what were the 3 a the assets assets
um audiences and and uh ads that's it so
test your asset and your asset is what
you're offering so in this case it's the
hook it's the offer that you're given
like you need to test different offers
see which one's the best and when you
find your three step obvious process
that someone can do to come in and get
learn about you Etc and people start
doing it more you can probably just
stick on that one for for ages these
guys are going to be using this but I
don't know how long how long have they
been using this offer I'd say it over
yeah and they all switch the balances
around but but yeah the other thing the
other one that comes to mind too it's
like success always leaves Clues you
know and they come from different places
like for example if you take it to
another industry with like credit cards
American Express offers like
990,000 uh points when you sign up for
certain cards if you spend a certain
amount you know so like all of these all
of these really successful companies
that have scaled to a certain point they
have offers in place to to you know to
reel people in 100% And you see it right
here first ahead American Express
clicked it here's all the points that
you get for different cards that you go
for it's uh you need to come up with new
customer offers it's it's surprising how
many B2B SAS companies do not have a new
customer offer like I'm having the first
chats with some of my clients which are
like okay what can you promise them now
what do you mean like what can you
promise like what can we say they're
going to get 100% % guaranteed and then
if something goes wrong you give them
something to say sorry it didn't happen
and it's like there's so many things
that you can tie to the contract like
you could give like for some companies
sales force for example what's the
average sales force contract value it's
helping hundreds of thousands of pounds
you could literally run an ad that says
if you sign up for Salesforce we'll give
you a company car I'm not saying do it
I'm not saying it's a great idea but I'm
saying once you've locked in 100K worth
of AR what you can offer is like a lot
so like you there's there's a reason why
Google's able to give away
£400 in order for you to spend 400 pound
because they're going to break even it's
because everyone keeps going so it's
it's you not a factor those things in it
and people on b2c have got this nailed
because they see the immediate purchase
the immediate life cycle whereas B2B
we're still focusing on the sales cycle
life cycle not even the customer life
cycle we half of the time we don't even
conquer that before we can get to the
customer life cycle
yeah oh my God right on I feel like we
could have a podcast just on this
point uh tip number four TI number four
um use visuals that make your ADS stand
out so um I think you saw a few of these
a minute ago um but I'm going to show
you uh which
advert makes you look at it the most so
we've got this advert that pops out
standard advert Right image ads versus
this one like these are just GNA 100%
get your eyes so make your advert move
more people will see it it's so true and
it's again it's these simple simple so
obvious things like a moving advert gets
a higher click the rate and the the
unique thing about GIF is on Facebook on
LinkedIn if you use a video if you
clicked the ad it would pause the video
and play the video which means that all
of your clicks have to come from
clicking this headline down here but for
a gif you can click the image and it
will take you to the landing page so
there's now instead of running a video
if you run a gif of that animation
you've got probably a 900% increase in
where you can click so that box divided
into this square of the extra area that
you can drive and click with click the
rate up eyes seeing the advert up um and
other things is like you really do need
to be ridiculous with visuals that make
you stand out like memes random Google
results screenshots of conversations
like this looks like an actual
conversation that happened we've got the
time in there we've got the little stuff
at the top there's 12 unread messages in
this fake person's life that does not
exist because we made up
date this entire conversation you could
probably just tag a coworker come up
with some fake names change your profile
picture actually have a fake
conversation then screenshot it we went
to the lake they just artificially
creating the entire thing but fake
conversations gifts like it's just
stupid stuff but they stand out they're
funky they're weird they get the first
click and then after you've had a first
click everybody knows that we T getting
click R through the roof so getting that
second click comes at a better rate and
you can start massaging people down the
problem funnel I love it I love it uh
tip number
five number five so
tip number five is try to make your ad
not look like an advert so again a lot
of these stuff it's separate tips but
they did cross over so use a crazy
visual but then make it ad not look like
an ad kind of the same thing obviously
the animations these are adverts that
actually look like adverts but stand out
so that's this is more the previous tip
whereas the next tip is to make ads that
don't even look like ads in the first
place and so we've got a couple of
examples from North fire here so we've
got the Star Wars meme I'm managing the
entire real estate project in Excel
you're kidding right no I love chaos
she's not happy about that you've got
Flex tape you budget overspend North
Spire project overspend is being calmed
down by North spire and another one dog
baby absolute classic um do you have any
uh tips for people that like around the
production of meme ads or like
production of gifts things that you find
helpful um so I'd say it's different for
gifts and memes so memes you really just
have to load up your problem so I'll
have like my document open on my stories
I'm like all right what problem am I
talking about all right problem is Excel
spreadsheets break easily so that's
number one problem now I'll just open up
a meme library and I'm just scrolling
I'm scrolling I'm scrolling until
something shouts at me and I can see or
I'll look at other competitor adverts if
you do want some competitor
adverts you only have to go and head
over to Joe's sexy ad Library
got a ton of memes in here plug it Joe
plug
it I get absolutely nothing from this as
well people just basically come all the
competitors just take examples anyway um
so we've got nor fire in here as well
we've got some other stuff from Casper
this one's great um how can you kind of
obviously this is flex tape I just made
that work for nire so the traditional
memes you don't have to reinvent the
wheel the same memes are being used over
and over and over again
I will say though when it comes to
creating adverts that don't look like
adverts there's some more crazy examples
coming down the pipeline um it used to
be that doing something as simple as
like a fake conversation but you can
still slap your logo on it and make it
branded but now you can't really do that
to get the full value of the placement
because that still looks like an advert
so you actually the same with this one
Rec cognism it's got the P it's got the
fake message like a real message but it
still obviously looks like an advert so
you kind of have to go an extra a step
and just make something I guess they've
got the logo on this as well I would
heavily recommend removing the logo from
your images by the way because the logo
is already yeah it's it's a wasted but
yeah yeah but I will say this is just
like fake things so think about what do
you do every day I go on Spotify then I
watch Netflix I haven't seen many fake
mockups of like a fake documentary for
Netflix with everything else grayed out
and it's like the problem I don't know
yeah EXL kills me I don't know
the horror stories of excel you know or
yeah yeah I love that you could have
that what else do I do I go on YouTube
all the time fake YouTube videos
um I play chess you could easily
probably somehow have like a chess game
and one person's winning the chess game
one person's losing it and the person
who's losing it is you and then it's
like over spend is beating you at chess
I don't know like there it I'm literally
just think what do I do every day what
do I look at and it's all you got to do
is take things it's like retargeting if
you do a retargeting ad and you've seen
the logo before you're going to click it
if you
show a picture of like a chess game and
I have seen loads of chess games before
I'm drawn to it almost like R targeting
so you're taking the concepts people
have seen before hacking your click the
rate almost kind of like retargeting how
that
works good that's some gold uh tip six
steal from the great all right so I have
a secret form a secret library that no
one actually knows about Sylvio no one
knows about it yet it is my print
library now I've gone through and I've
also got add formula you'll see I've got
this little bookmark
here
[Music]
um so I've got a classic print ads of
just loads of B Toc ads that I look at
for inspiration um you'd be surprised
how many people have done stuff in BTC
you don't have need to reinvent the
wheel you just steal what they've done
out of office emails to show that your
life is now handled like oh sorry out of
office um reconciliation has all been
handled by this robot over here I'm
going to take two weeks off
um well there's a world there's Land
Rover like great that's awesome ad copy
like where there's a something there's a
and you can insert your brand um space
bar is a Kit Kat I'm thinking what else
could I do with a keyboard I can maybe
highlight over spend will
get you fired like in F key word like
just rearrange the keys kind of thing um
and what I love to do as well is
essentially look
through these ads and try and turn them
into a formula so for
example where there's a inster there's
brand turn you just created a copy
formula yeah exactly so like if I look
at my latest one our software is like a
friendly security guard VI budget
Everyone likes them to keep them
protected and that was just kind of like
a weird colloquial chatty way we're not
number one so this is an interesting one
so ages ago the r someone R an advert it
was like we're not number one in this
space but that's because they started
way earlier than us and they're just
like evil and corrupt we're number two
we try harder we want that number one
spot but they're going to be lazy
because they're on the top and we're not
and it was like it's just a weird thing
and then you've got um are you using
Gmail for business well then you should
be using brand too so that's just
qualifying your audience like are you
doing this Behavior which identifies you
as my customer if answered yes read this
ad so yeah make stand out of
relevance number six is steal from the
unbelievable copywriters that figured
everything out 50 years ago because all
they had to work with was a billboard
they were supposed to make you buy stuff
with just a billboard and these are all
like new style stuff but you've Al I've
also got like all the old ones from
Guinness um and I've also got tons in a
with McDonald's visuals like using chips
as Wi-Fi like I wonder how many Brands
could repurpose something into a Wi-Fi
signal for I don't know whatever purpose
just yeah I hope if anyone's gotten
anything from this from this interview
so far that it's the importance of when
you're going to write copy you don't
start from a blank canvas that you have
inspiration to to start from you know
like
just it's like the old saying from
Picasso good artist copy great artist
steal yeah you know and it's just
stealing this inspiration and then
making it in your own way that shapes
your product your audience your problem
and uh and presenting it you know um all
right Joe we're gonna have to speed tip
seven tip seven use powerful hooks so
you need to get somebody to act
therefore there is this visual two
seconds
um so there's plenty of hooks that you
can choose from uh you can do meeting
incentives you can do company resource
or you can do knowledge um now obviously
the best place to be as far as high
conversion rates is using something to
do with your unique company resource and
your knowledge best company to do this
I've seen so far lately is cognizant 25
free leads cost them zero the user feels
like they've got free leads they can
test the product there we go another one
American Express dangling those points
and then we've obviously got Google as
well who promise you £400 if you spend
£400 so have an offer have a reason why
they should actually act or else they
probably
won get uh get a free courses taught by
the world's best practitioners to learn
[Laughter]
pays yeah got it all right tip number
eight eight take up as much of the
screen as possible um the reason why I
believe this advert is going to be one
of the top performers well these two is
because they're actually just taking up
more of the Mobile screen uh these are
squares these are anyone doing
rectangles unless they've got a serious
reason why you should not have a advert
like that take up more space like this
even go further like this you can do it
on both channels so take up the
space yeah and just just for those
listening the rectangle is 12200 by
628 unless you have data support it I
same same in my experience 1,200 by 12
is dramatically better uh and then
LinkedIn also has a mobile size um I
think it's 9 by 16 but uh we can link in
the in the article the ad specs we put
together this article it's like top 50
ad specs across nine ad platforms and
you guys could just like check it out
but um linkton is unique in the way that
allows us it's like single image ad but
it's so many variations of the one ad
Dimension that it's almost like
different image can you know what I mean
just using different formats U but yeah
that's totally a great tip and this
applies to everything you know Google
ads make sure using ad extensions so now
your your ad is expanded it takes up
more space on the on the search engine
results page and you know if it's larger
the the chances of it getting clicked
are just dramatically higher so yeah
it's a it's a great easy easily
forgotten tip for sure yeah and it's
also one that gets its own special slide
in my deck which is use extensions
because you can take up 50% more
space yeah 100% amen and also for for
Google ads specifically it's also a
factor of AD rank so you know there's
there's only so much to gain you know
and for people who are listening they're
like oh tracking you can set up tracking
templates at the site link extension
level so you can be able to pass Dynamic
parameters uh tip number
nine um number nine speak like a human
so I literally avoid speaking like
a company when I write my ads and the
idea is if your advert is boring why the
hell is somebody going to go ahead and
read it so I am trying to be as silly
and as friendly as possible because at
the end of the day no one wants to talk
to the boring people in the world why on
Earth would they want to talk to the
boring companies as well and I don't I
don't mean that har it's just like at
the end of the day you got to bring
value live in a meritocracy you've got
to do something that entertains or
provides value and if you're not doing
that you're not going to stand out as
much as everybody else who's actually
doing that now check out this ad copy
here it's not super professional but it
might actually get read on social media
we make sock to easier than riding a
bike unless you don't ride a bike then
we make it easier than whatever you find
easy the only thing I'm trying to say in
these two sentences is we make your life
easier with sock to but here I've said
it in a chatty little way which has got
a bit of character and it's probably
gonna maybe hopefully get a like I don't
know or maybe I'm just cringey you tell
me and then we got another one here we
like our customers because they pay us
they like us because we get them out of
excel automate admin and reduced errors
caused by bad processes now that is just
way too much honesty radical cander we
only like our customers do they pay us
obviously that's true but that's like
something you'd say to a friend I like
customers and everyone goes hey good one
Joe so it's yeah it's just trying to get
that standard Human Social involvement
into your ad copy so it's not
lifeless what do you how do you handle
this with companies that are
what's the word maybe a bit more archaic
in their thinking around tone and and
message tral traditional traditional is
a better word yeah traditional at the
end of the day you can't force a client
to change how they speak um what I can
tell you is memes have twice the click
theate on our brid as a normal single
image ad so do you want more clicks do
you want more results or do you want to
focus on the fact that you want to be
all professional and stuff because
ultimately the informality of the Next
Generation knows no balance and just go
hang around with a couple of 20y olds
and what they do and how they live life
and like they're all just vaping indoors
they don't care for these traditional
rules smoking outside so it's yeah like
the future is different and if you don't
adjust like ideally back in the day
everyone was so worried about charlatans
they were so worried that they wanted
somebody in a suit they wanted somebody
who's got all that social proof now
everyone's got that like everyone could
be a shoton everyone's got to that level
so it's like what are now the signals
that make someone stand out more than
everybody else it's admiration word of
mouth and trust and you get that through
being a human so another human trusts
you you don't get it like acting like
all the super huge conglomerates that
nobody trusts anymore you want to find
and be that person you can trust to be
personable and just look at this way of
influencer marketing all the influencers
have all the power now and the brands
are begging for that power back that's
because they are individuals with
individual characteristics you can put
your faith in one no all so yeah we've
talked about that for a while but might
drop might
drop sometimes do it though so you have
to focus on slightly more conventional
things like a branded version of a
search engine or moving adverbs like
there's ways to get clicks you don't
always have to bait yourself out and do
weird little
memes yeah 100% all right Joe 10th and
final tip 10th and final tip is if
you do all of what I've said you can
still fail all right
now stupid thing to say if I'm trying to
sell something but this is what I am I'm
just honest and it's in my bones now let
me find what I want to show you um okay
so let's
say you write down all your problems you
make all your adverts about that problem
you have a solution benefit social proof
you found people You' solved the problem
for you've done all that work you've got
a fullon regimented story and then
you're stuck on it and then you have
success let's say you have success for
five years and then you stick to that
story the world changes that's no longer
a problem anymore no one needs to really
solve that problem something else that's
cheaper has solved the problem the
problem's gone away get ready for
bankruptcy and look at the graveyard for
all the dead companies out there that
have managed to stick to their story
rather than update it and what is the
only way you can double check that the
problems you have are actually the
problems that exist that you can
actually sell to and make money from ask
your poti customers ideally you
different personas you should have three
or four like for example a marketer A
salesperson a legal person they should
ideally all have their individual
problem you only have to have one maybe
two per Persona I tried to stick with
one and then go and chat to those people
and say is this actually a problem like
yeah does this actually solve it yeah
what's the benefit is actually this yeah
at that point you verified that what
you're saying isn't complete and utter
poop that is ideal because you need to
sell to problems that actually exist not
the ones you think exist and what
happens a lot of the time as a marketer
we have to kind of create the problem
the products here you get given it go
make an advert where's the problems I
don't know the founder has left the
company and I can't find him anywhere
like you kind to reinvent it sometimes
and you have to find the problem to sell
to that's what a lot of companies do
it's like is that
horizontal and um it's like a market you
can expand into new markets with the
same problem yep horizontal horizontal
scale yeah yeah scale I'm looking for so
you can scale in that direction by
finding a problem that you could you
could solve the same problem for another
Market or solve another problem for your
audience and it's like you need to
figure out whatever you're
doing exists and verify it and honestly
I get to this point I feel like I might
start offering customer interviews as a
service because I so many of my
customers need it they happily pay a
couple of thousand dollars for it but I
have no intention of doing that right
now so anybody else wants to come
along it's it's so true uh I mean one
one way you can get closer to it without
having actually jump on a call is if if
you're listening to this and you're in
B2B you probably have G2 as a primary
area for testimonials uh reach out to
your G2 rep ask them for an export of
all your testimonials and then take
those testimonials upload them to chat
GPT chat GPT will do a sentiment
analysis and basically see what are the
top 10 recurring pain points that are
said what are the top 10 recurring
benefits and then from there you can
take it a step further and you say chaty
BT give me 10 add angles for each of the
top pain points and now you've got you
know that's a way like I I talked about
it in my Mutiny presentation so like a
way for you to do that customer research
easier before having actually jump on
the call now granted the best thing you
can ever do is actually get on a call
with someone but this is like a good
stepping stone for people listening
especially if you have a ton of
testimonials um you can you can get that
reality check and make sure that you're
actually solving the right
problems huge Point yeah well you have
qualitative and quantitative obviously
qualitative is a customer interview but
outside of doing a survey and going and
asking people on a mass if they
experience the problems the best data
source that's just sat right there is G2
reviews to your point so that's genius
move yeah yeah I I always think like the
at the end of the day
your your customer is the marketing
genius and like all you're really trying
to do is like you're just trying to like
go up behind them and be like just you
know like kind of picking the scraps of
all the the Brilliance that they have to
offer you it's just they don't know how
to communicate it at times and it's your
job to understand uh what's the message
they're trying to convey you know um
there's a reason why on most sales
Cycles there is a stage which is
identify
pain yeah th% Joe this has been absolute
Master Class just to quickly recap for
everyone listening here at home uh tip
number one is if you don't you have to
figure out what you want to say and you
do that by getting really clear on the
problem tip number two was do not use
big words or acronyms uh shout out to
the product people here RP rpu I can't
even say now arpu average revenue per
user so don't use big words or acronyms
tip number three is make it quick uh
ultimately what we're trying to do is we
want to reduce that perceived effort and
get to the point as much as possible and
it's your job like joose said as the
business to figure out that process and
make it as simple as possible tip number
four is to use visuals that make your ad
stand out and Joe talked about the power
of using memes and also using the power
of just animating your existing image
ads that already performing well and
turning them into gifts tip number five
was to try to make your ad Stand Out by
not looking like an ad uh a different a
different way of doing it but just
thinking about what are the things that
you're doing every day and then seeing
how can you take those things that
you're doing every day and then
showcasing it to to your prospects
because it's likely they're doing
similar things as well uh tip number six
was all around stealing from the greats
remember uh look through ads and really
dissect it and try to understand not
just from a creative perspective of like
how you can get inspired but even take
it a step further like Joe showed around
the copy formulas like why did this hook
stand out to me what's the and then see
if there's a way you can you can take
that and and actually templatized into a
formula that you can reuse and repurpose
for your segment and offer tip number
seven was to use powerful hooks which
kind of ties into tip six and then tip
number eight was
to take as much of the uh screen as
possible so remember like depending on
the placement try to maximize the the
exposure you have tip number nine is to
speak like a human and finally tip
number 10 is you can do everything you
tried and still ultimately fail so make
sure you're always in tune with what the
customer wants and their true problem
Joe thank you so much for being on this
was absolute Master Class if people want
to connect with you where can they find
you uh LinkedIn I got rid of all the
other platforms because I'm trying to
maintain my social no my I guess my
mental health one platform only for
me so yeah that's sell you need exactly
LinkedIn POS in weekly ad breakdowns ads
I've made ads I've found that I take
inspiration from and then you've seen a
few diagrams here I don't go a day
without making a diagram kind of have
diagram OCD so found a lot of diagrams
trying to simplify complex topics over
there as well awesome thanks so much Joe
and thank you for watching we'll see you
in the next one